Add information on static virtual interface members (#30129)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/whats-new/tutorials/static-abstract-interface-methods.md

## Prerequisites

> You’ll need to set up your machine to run .NET 7, which supports C# 11. The C# 11 compiler is available starting with [Visual Studio 2022, version 17.3](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) or the [.NET 7 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll need to set up your machine to run .NET 7, which supports C# 11. The C# 11 compiler is available starting with [Visual Studio 2022, version 17.3](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/) or the [.NET 7 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download).
```
